# Concrete-strength
Predicting the compressive strength of concrete using ML methods and  Artificial Nueral Networks
To  predict the concrete strength of using the  composition of its mixture and age of the concrete.Concrete has been widely used in recent years because its production compliments environmental conservation. It is a standard industrial practice that the concrete is classified based on grades.This grade is nothing but the  Compressive Strength  of the concrete cube or cylinder. Cube or Cylinder samples  are usually tested under a compression testing machine to obtain the strength of concrete.The test requisites differ country to country based on the design code. ML methods, Nueral networks have been used to increase the  prediction accuracy of concrete properties,and the data derived from the literature sources were used. Regressionmodels tend to be used for the prediction of the compressive strength of high strength concrete. These models also demonstrate how the concrete compressive strength depends on the mixing ratios. With the use of  Machine Learning Model, there will be no limitation ofthe complexity increasing number of variables. This Model and train and test the given population of concrete and with the best performing machine learning model it can effortlessly predict the strength of the concrete with much higher  accuracy than traditional methods. The neural network (NN) models givehigh prediction accuracy, and the research results conform tosome rules of mix proportion of concrete.And also   a recoomendation system is developed by applying various ML methods,Artificial nueral network methods to predict the concrete strength from its components accurately.
